So far we have implemented 
the deck as a 150 element vector.

Correct behavior: face down deck can be drawn upon from players.

The hand of a player is for the instance implemented 
as a array<int,12>. The objective for now will be to:

1. Change the layout into a 3 x 4 matrix - Done;
2. Implement methods to access specific card - TBD; 
3. In this matrix, additional info that needs to be  - Done;
present is whether the card is face up or face down.
4. Create a display for a person's hand on the terminal. - TBD: correct spacing needs to be determined akin to the 15 puzzle. (we will get back to this later.)
5. Implement discarded deck, cards that have passed by.
Let's have a think about this.


So far, we have (randomly) initialized the game.
Now it is time to implement the game mechanics.

Game Mechanics:

When a player draws a cart he may want to keep it or discard it.
To keep track of the discarded deck, we first need to process the 
decision of the player.

We need to keep track of whose player's turn is it.
At some point, before the game begins we ask how many players there are.
We instantiate each player and keep looping around until a critical condition is met,
i.e. when some player has all cards revealed, at which point one last turn remains 
for the other players, after which the scores are tallied up and the winner is declared.

The column rule - if you collect three cards of identical values in a column, you must 
"discard" that column, i.e. for practical purposes each entry in the column is replaced by 0.
This applies to negative values as well, so a column of three minus one cards will again 
reduce to a column of zeros.

More things to think about:

Supposing that the face down deck is emptied out, the game continues by 
shuffling the discarded deck (face up), placing it face down, 
and reusing it as the face down deck. This will eventually need to be implemented.

All players should have access to the information that are available in the board game, 
i.e. they can see the hands of other players, as well as the discarded deck (For example,
you might decide to gather a column of 12's later in the game; 
the knowledge of how many 12's have passed around will influence this decision - interestingly,
this is slightly harder to do in the actual board game, as going through the discarded deck
is frowned upon by the other players).


Game termination:

After a player turn ends, we need to check if the end condition is met, i.e. whether 
his entire hand is face up. If this is the case, the game terminates the next time the 
player pointer is pointed to him, and the winner is declared.
 



